a > a
abiection > abyección
abiecto > abyecto
abilidad > habilidad
abiuar > avivar
abogacia > abogacía
abominacion > abominación
abominassen > abominar
aborecia > aborrecer
aborresce > aborrecer
aborrescer > aborrecer
aborrescibles > aborrecible
aborricible > aborrecible
abriendolo > abrir+lo
abrrogada > abrogado
absente > ausente
absentes > ausente
absoluelle > absolver+le
absolueren > absolver
absoluerle > absolver+le
absoluiendoles > absolver+le
absolutamente > absoluto
absueluen > absolver
abultaria > abultar
abysmo > abismo
acabarla > acabar+la
acabeis > acabar
acaesca > acaecer
acaescer > acaecer
acaescera > acaecer
acaescia > acaecer
acariciandole > acariciar
acariciauan > acariciar
acceleradamente > acelerado
accepcion > acepción
acceptan > aceptar
acceptaran > aceptar
acceptarlas > aceptar+lo
acceptaron > aceptar
acceptaste > aceptar
accepte > aceptar
accessoriamente > accesorio
accessorio > accesorio
accomodarnos > acomodar+se
accusen > acusar
acerbissima > acerbo
acerta > acertar
acertadissimamente > acertado
acertamiento > acertamiento
acertarian > acertar
acogense > acoger+se
acojerse > acoger+se
acometio > acometer
aconsejandole > aconsejar+se
aconsejaria > aconsejar
acordandose > acordar+se
acostumbrarse > acostumbrar+se
acquiridor > adquiridor
action > acción
actiuidad > actividad
actualmente > actual
acudia > acudir
acuerdese > acordar+se
acuerdome > acordar+se
acusarlo > acusar+lo
adiestranle > adiestrar+le
administacion > administración
administrarles > admistrar+le
admirablemete > admirable
admitillos > admitir+lo
admitirles > adimir+le
admitirlo > admitir+lo
admitten > admitir
admittido > admitido
admittiran > admitir
adquirillas > adquirir+lo
adquirio > adquirir
adriatico > adriático
aduentencia > advertencia
aduersamente > adverso
aduertencia > advertencia
aduertiendo > advertir
aduertiessen > advertir
aduertilles > advertir+le
aduertimos > advertir
aduertir > advertir
aduertirla > advertir+lo
aduertirle > advertir+le
aduertirles > advertir+le
aduertirlo > advertir+lo
aduertirselo > advertir+se+lo
aduierta > advertir
aduierte > advertir
aduierto > advertir
aduirtio > advertir
adulationes > adulación
afan > afán
affectaramos > afectar
affection > afección
affeminado > afeminado
afficionada > aficionado
afficionandose > aficionar+se
afficionar > aficionar
afficionen > aficionar
affiction > afección
affirmarlo > afirmar+lo
afflictiona > afligir
affrentando > afrentar
afiançanse > afianzar+se
agachapada > agazapado
agenarlos > enajenar+lo
aggrauiados > agraviado
aggressor > agresor
agije > aguijar
agradescian > agradecer
agraua > agraviar
agrauia > agraviar
agrauiamos > agraviar
agrauian > agraviar
agrauiando > agraviar
agrauiar > agraviar
agrauiaron > agraviar
agrauiaua > agraviar
agrauie > agraviar
aguaseros > aguacero
aguelos > abuelo
ahidalgada > ahidalgado
ahidalgados > ahidalgado
ahilarse > ahilar+se
ahogarse > ahogar+se
ahorrarlos > ahorrar+lo
ahorrasse > ahorrar
aiudo > haber
ajuntar > juntar
alabarle > alabar
alcaldias > alcaldía
alcanso > alcanzar
alegremente > alegre
algarauia > algarabía
algarbe > algarve
aliuiar > aliviar
aliuiarle > aliviar+le
allegre > alegre
allude > aludir
alludio > aludir
almazenadas > alamacenado
almoxarifazgos > almojarifazgo
alquilarlas > alquirar+lo
altissima > alto
aluarado > alvarado 
ambicion > ambición
amohinarse > amohinar+se
amparandose > amparar+se
amphibologia > anfibología
ampla > amplio
amplian > ampliar
amplo > amplio
anascotes > anascote
andara > andar
andarle > andar+le
anduuiera > andar
anduuiere > andar
anduuiesse > andar
anichilando > aniquilar
animos > ánimo
annexa > anexo
annexidades > anexidad
annexos > anexo 
ansar > ánsar
antechristo > anticristo
anthipodas > antípoda
antifas > antifaz
antiguamente > antiguo
antiguedades > antiguedad
antiquissima > antiguo
antiquissimo > antiguo
antiquissimos > antiguo
antojarsele > antojar+se+le
apagarlo > apagar+lo
apaleanlos > apalear+lo
aparecia > aparecer
aparejarlo > aparejar+lo
aparencia > apariencia
aparencias > apariencia
apartandole > apartar+le
apartarlo > apartar+lo
apartarnos > apartar
apartarse > apartar+se
apazigo > apaciguar
apañarla > apañar+lo
apearse > apear+se
apetite > apetite
aplacallos > aplacar+lo
aplacarle > aplacar+le
aplicacion > aplicación
aplicarian > aplicar
apossessionar > posesionar
apostolica > apostólico
apostolicas > apostólico
apostolicos > apostólico
apparencia > apariencia
apparente > aparente
apparentes > aparente
appetito > apetito
applacarse > aplacar+se
applicaron > aplicar
approbacion > aprobación
apreciacion > apreciación
apregonamos > pregonar
apregonan > pregonar
apregonandose > pregonar+se
apregonarlo > pregonar+lo
apressuracion > apresuración
aprobarian > aprobar
aproprian > apropiar
aprouando > aprobar
aprouarlo > aprobar+lo
aproue > aprobar
aprouechandose > aprovechar
aprouechara > aprovechar
aprouechare > aprovechar
aprouecharles > aprovechar+le
aprouecharnos > aprovechar
aprouecharse > aprovechar+se
aprouechase > aprovechar
aprouechasse > aprovechar
aprouechassen > aprovechar
aprouo > aprobar
aprueuan > aprobar
aprueuo > aprobar
apuntarlo > apuntar+lo
archobispo > arzobispo
ardia > arder
arisgarla > arriesgar+lo
arismeticos > aritmético
arobas > arroba
arracife > arrecife
arracifes > arrecife
arrancarian > arrancar
arrendarlo > arrendar+lo
arrende > arrendar
arrendo > arrendar
arrepentiera > arrepentirse
arrimarles > arrimar+les
arrisgar > arriesgar
arrogantia > arrogancia
arruynada > arruinado
arruynan > arruinar
asegurarse > asegurar+se
assegurador > asegurador
asseguradores > asegurador
assegurarle > asegurar+le
assegurarlo > asegurar+lo
assegurarlos > asegurar+lo
assenso > ascenso
assestase > asestar
assientanla > asentar+lo
atarse > atar+se
atauios > atavío
atention > atención
atonito > atónito
atractiuas > atractivo
atraueso > atravesar
atrauesso > atravesar
atrauiessan > atravesar
atraxere > atraer
atraxo > atraer
atreua > atrever
atreue > atrever
atreuen > atrever
atreueria > atrever
atreuerian > atrever
atreuio > atrever
attencion > atención
attize > atizar
aualiando > valorar
aualiar > valorar
aualiasse > valorar+se
aualien > valorar
aualuacion > valuación
aualuada > avaluado
aualuo > valorar
auariento > avariento
auarientos > avariento
auaro > avaro
auaros > avaro
auella > haber+lo
auelle > haber+le
auello > haber+lo
auellos > haber+lo
auentajaran > aventajar
auentajaren > aventajar
aueriguallas > averiguar+lo
aueriguallos > averiguar+lo
aueriguara > averiguar
aueriguarse > averiguar
auerla > haber+lo
auerlas > haber+lo
auerle > haber+le
auerlos > haber+lo
auerse > haber
auersela > haber+se+lo
auerseles > haber+se+le
auerselo > haber+se+lo
auerselos > haber+se+lo
augmenta > aumentar
augmentallas > aumentar+lo
augmentan > aumentar
augmentando > aumentar
augmentar > aumentar
augmentara > aumentar
augmentarla > aumentar+lo
augmentarse > aumentar+se
augmente > aumentar
auicena > avicenna
auiendola > haber+lo
auiendolo > haber+lo
auiendome > haber+se
auiendose > haber
auisan > avisar
auisando > avisar
auisandole > avisar+le
auisandolo > avisar+lo
auisar > avisar
auisos > aviso
authentico > auténtico
authorizada > autorizado
authorizan > autorizar
authorizo > autorizar
avelas > haber+lo
averse > haber+se
ayudandole > ayudar+le
ayudarle > ayudar
ayudarse > ayudar+se
azeytuna > aceituna
añadiendose > añadir+se
añiden > añadir
añidiendo > añadir
añidiera > añadir
añido > añadir
añidrendo > añadir
balanca > balanza
baptizan > bautizar
baratissimo > barato
barrisco > barrisco
barçelona > barcelona
bastale > bastar+le
bastales > bastar+le
bastantemente > bastante
bastmentos > bastamento
baxara > bajar
baxaremos > bajar
baxassen > bajar+se
baxissimo > bajo
benditissimos > bendito
benemerita > benemérito
benemerito > benemérito
benemeritos > benemérito
beneplacito > beneplácito
beneuolencia > benevolencia
berberia > berberia
besalle > besar+le
beueran > beber
beuerse > beber+se
biudas > viudo
biudez > viudez
biuienda > vivienda
biuira > vivir
blasphema > blasfemar
blasphemas > blasfemia
blasphemasse > blasfemar
bofeton > bofetón
boluelle > volver+le
boluello > volver+lo
boluerla > volver+lo
boluerlas > volver+lo
boluerle > volver+le
boluerlo > volver+lo
boluerlos > volver+lo
boluerse > volver+se
boluersela > volver+se+lo
boluerselo > volver+se+lo
boluia > volver
boluiere > volver
bomicida > homicida
bonetillos > bonetillo
boueria > bobería
bozes > voz
boçales > bozal
brauosidad > bravosidad
breñozo > breñoso
buele > volar
buelo > vuelo
bueluan > volver
bueluo > volver
buenamente > bueno
buscadmelos > buscar+se+lo
buscarlo > buscar+lo
buscarlos > buscar+lo
buscarselo > buscar+se+lo
cabeca > cabeza
cabia > caber
cabiale > caber+le
cacaguateros > cacahuatero
cadiz > cádiz
caelles > caer+le
caeran > caer
caerseles > caer
caiere > caer
caira > caer
calices > cáliz
calicut > calicud
caliz > cáliz
calizes > cáliz
callarlas > callar+lo
callarlo > callar+lo
calpisques > calpixque
camaleon > camaleón
camarcanas > comarcano
cambiadora > cambiador
cambiandose > cambiar+se
cambiarse > cambiar+se
caminillos > camino
canones > canon
canonica > canónico
canonigo > canónigo
cansarse > cansar+se
capellanias > capellanía
capitania > capitanía
capon > capón
captiua > captivo
captiuando > cautivar
captiuar > cautivar
captiuarlos > cautivar+lo
captiuerio > cautiverio
carauela > carabela
carauelas > carabela
carecia > carecer
caresce > carecer
carescen > carecer
carescer > carecer
caresciendo > carecer
caresciera > carecer
carestia > carestía
cargallas > cargar+lo
cargarian > cargar+lo
cargarla > cargar+lo
cargarle > cargar+le
cargarse > cargar+se
cargazon > cargazón
carlines > carlín
carthagena > cartagena
casarse > casar+se
cascaueles > cascabel
caserias > casería
castigarlo > castigar+lo
castigarlos > castigar+lo
castigarnos > castigar+se
castigarse > castigar+se
casualmente > casual
cathedraticos > catedrático
catholicas > católico
catiuarse > cautivar+se
caton > cantón
catredatico > catedrático
caua > cavar
cauall > cabal
cauallerosamente > caballeroso
cauando > cavar
cauar > cavar
cauarlas > cavar+lo
cauasse > cavar
cauauan > cavar
caudoloso > caudaloso
cauptiuos > cautivo
causadora > causador
causallo > causar+lo
cautiua > cautivo
cautiuan > cautivar
cautiuar > cautivar
cautiuarse > cautivar+se
cautiuo > cautivo
caxa > caja
caxco > casco
cay > caer
cañamaço > cañamazo
cedulas > cédula
cego > cegar
celeberrima > célebre
celebrandose > celebrar+se
celebrarse > celbrar+se
censuario > censatario
centesima > centésimo
centessima > centésimo
cenzillos > sencillo
certificarse > certificar+se
certissima > certero
certissimo > cierto
cesuario > censuario
ceua > cebar
ceuara > cebar
ceuti > ceutí
character > carácter
charitatiuo > caritativo
chinchorros > chinchorro
christianamente > cristiano
christianidad > cristiandad
chypre > chipre
ciceron > cicerón
cicilia > sicilia
cien > 100
ciertamente > cierto
cincuenta > 50
ciracusa > siracusa
ciuil > civil
ciuiles > civil
clarissima > claro
clarissimamente > claro
clarissimo > claro
clementia > clemencia
cobdicioso > codicioso
cobdiciosos > codicioso
cobrallo > cobrar+lo
cobranças > cobranza
cobrarla > cobrar+lo
cobrarlos > cobrar+lo
codigo > código
cofradias > cofradía
cogeria > coger
cogeron > coger
cogerse > coger
cogersela > coger+se+lo
cogiendolo > coger+lo
cognosca > conocer
cohechasse > cohechar
coje > coger
cojerse > coger+ser
cojesse > coger+se
colacion > colación
colarle > colar+le
colerico > colérico
coligira > colegir
collige > colegir
colligieron > colegir
colligiran > colegir
collocarlos > colocar+lo
colorsillo > color
combidandoles > convidar+le
combidar > convidar
combidara > convidar
combiden > convidar
combite > convite
comenceis > comenzar
començarlo > comenzar+lo
començose > comenzar+se
comerles > comer+le
cometelle > cometer+le
cometellos > cometer+lo
cometem > cometer
cometense > cometer+se
cometera > cometer
cometerle > cometer+le
cometerlo > cometer+lo
cometerlos > cometer+lo
cometese > cometer+se
cometiendose > cometer+se
comian > comer
comiose > comer+se
commete > cometer
commeten > cometer
communmente > común
commutacion > conmutación
como > como
comodamente > cómodo
compadesca > compadecer
compadesce > compadecer
compadescerse > compadeser+se
comparation > compadecer
compeliendoles > compelir+le
compella > compeler
compellen > compeler
compellera > compeler
compelleran > compelir
compendiosamente > compendioso
comprarla > comprar+lo
comprarles > comprar+le
comprarlo > comprar+lo
comprehenden > comprender
comprehendese > comprender+se
compufiesse > componer
comuta > conmutar
comutarlos > conmutar+lo
conbinar > combinar
concederles > conceder+le
concederselo > conceder+se+lo
concederselos > conceder+se+lo
concedia > conceder
concediendole > conceder+le
concertamonos > concertar+se
concertaria > concertar
concertarlo > concertar+lo
concertarlos > concertar+lo
concertarte > concertar+se
concerto > concertar
concibio > concebir
conciertase > concertar
concluyllo > concluir+lo
concluyria > concluir
concurria > concurrir
concurrio > concurrir
condemnamos > condenar
condemnar > condenar
condemnarlos > condenar+lo
condenarlos > condenar+lo
condennacion > condenación
condennan > condenar
condennando > condenar
condennar > condenar
condennara > condenar
condennaria > condenar
condennarian > condenar
condennarla > condenar+lo
condennasse > condenar+se
condenne > condenar
condenno > condenar
condicionalmente > condicional
condicon > condición
confederassen > confederar
confessandolo > confesar+lo
confian > confiar
confien > confiar
confiriessen > conferir
confirmante > confirmante
confirmarse > confirmar+se
conformarnos > conformar+se
conformarse > conformar+se
confradias > cofradía
confusamente > confuso
conjectura > conjetura
conjuncion > conjunción
conjuntura > coyuntura
conosca > conocer
conoscemos > conocer
conosceran > conocer
conoscerlos > conocer+lo
conoscerse > conocer+se
conoscese > conocer+se
conosciendola > conocer+lo
conosciere > conocer
conpadesce > compadecer
conscientia > conciencia
consecucion > consecución
consecution > consecución
conseguirian > conseguir
conseguyr > conseguir
consentirlo > consentir+lo
consequentes > consecuente
conseruallas > conservar+lo
conseruallo > conservar+lo
conseruan > conservar
conseruarle > conservar+le
conseruarse > conservar+se
conseruo > conservar
considerarse > considerar+se
consignatiua > consignativo
consignatiuo > consignativo
consigua > conseguir
consiguente > consiguiente
consiguirlo > conseguir+lo
consiguyo > conseguir
consintiendolo > consentir
consistiria > consistir
consona > cónsono
constandoles > constar+le
constaria > constar
constriñenles > constreñir+le
constriñiendoles > constreñir+le
consumia > consumir
consumirla > consumir+lo
consumirse > consumir+se
contemporizassen > contemporizar
contenelle > contener+le
contentarse > contentar+se
contentassen > contentar+se
contetarse > contentar+se
continuan > continuar
continuarla > continuar+lo
continuarlos > continuar+lo
contractacion > contratación
contractos > contrato
contradezirle > contradecir+le
contraher > contraer
contratio > contrario
contribuyrle > contribuir+le
conuencelles > convencer+le
conuencen > convencer
conueniblemente > convenible
conuenibles > convenible
conuençe > convencer
conuersando > conversar
conuersar > conversar
conuersion > conversión
conuertiere > convertir
conuertirnos > convertir
conuertirse > convertir+se
conuicto > convicto
conuiniere > convenir
conuino > convenir
conyuncion > conjunción
conyuntura > coyuntura
copiosamente > copioso
corporalmente > corporal
corporea > corpóreo
correction > corrección
correspondera > corresponder
corretage > corretaje
corrompera > corromper
cortarselas > cortar+se+lo
cortose > cortar+se
cosilla > cosa
costalles > costar+le
costandole > costar+le
costearlo > costear+lo
coxere > coger
coymbra > coimbra
credito > credito
creera > creer
creerla > creer+lo
creerlo > creer+lo
creerlos > creer+lo
creerse > creer+se
cresca > crecer
crescera > crecer
cresceren > crecer
cresciendo > crecer
cresciessen > crecer
creyble > creíble
creyendole > creer+le
creyendolo > creer+lo
creyendome > creer+se
criemosle > crear+le
cruelmente > cruel
cuentose > contar+se
culpante > culpable
cultiua > cultivar
cultiuan > cultivar
cultiuar > cultivar
cultiuarse > cultivar+se
cultiuaua > cultivar
cultiue > cultivar
cultiuo > cultivo
cumplese > cumplir+se
cumplidamente > cumplido
cumpliendose > cumplir+se
cumpliria > cumplir
cumplirla > cumplir+lo
cumplirlas > cumplir+lo
cumplirlo > cumplir+lo
cumplirse > cumplir+se
cusco > cuzco 
cuyde > cuidar
cuñan > cuñar
cuñar > cuñar
còmo > como
dadme > dar+le
dale > dar+le
dame > dar+le
dandola > dar+lo
dandole > dar+le
dandoles > dar+le
dandolo > dar+lo
dandolos > dar+lo
dandose > dar+se
danles > dar+le
danlo > dar+lo
dano > daño
danoso > dañoso
daran > dar
darlas > dar+lo
darle > dar+le
darlo > dar+lo
darlos > dar+lo
darme > dar+le
daros > dar
darsela > dar+se+lo
darselo > dar+lo
darselos > dar+se+lo
dartelos > dar+se+lo
daselos > dar+se+lo
dasme > dar+se
dauame > dar+le
dañarle > dañar+le
dañole > dañar+le
deboluer > devolver
debria > deber
debrian > deber
declaralla > declarar+lo
declararian > declarar
declararla > declarar+lo
declararlas > declarar+lo
declararlasen > declarar+lo
declararles > declarar+le
declararlo > declarar+lo
declararselo > declarar+se+lo
declarauamos > declarar
dedicandoles > dedicar+le
defenderle > defender+le
defenderlo > defender+lo
defenderse > defender+se
deffenderle > defender+le
deffenderles > defender+le
defunctos > difunto
dehazer > deshacer
deheza > dehesa
delicadamente > delicado
delinquente > delincuente
dellole > dar+se+lo
dellosen > dar+se+lo
delloses > dar+se+lo
demandarlo > demandar+lo
demeritos > demérito
denuntiarlos > denunciar+lo
dependian > depender
depositos > depósito
deprehender > aprender
deprende > aprender
deprender > aprender
deriba > derivar
deriuaron > derivar
deriuo > derivar
derrocarias > derrocar
derroga > derogar
derrogadas > derogar
derrogarla > derogar+lo
derrogo > derogar
desafiarlo > desafiar+lo
desagradasse > desagradar
desagrauiar > desagraviar
desahuziadas > desjuiciado
desampararla > desamparar+lo
desapassionadas > desapasionado
desapassionados > desapasionado
descançar > descansar
descargarse > descargar+se
descidillas > decidir+lo
descolorallo > descolorar+lo
descontarlas > descontar+lo
descresca > descrecer
descresciendo > descrecer
descubrase > descubrir+se
descubrese > descubre+se
descubria > descubrir
descubriendolo > descubrir+lo
descubrillas > descubrir+lo
descubrira > descubrir
descubrirla > descubrir+lo
descubrirlo > descubrir+lo
descubrirse > descubrir+se
descubrirselo > descubrir+se+lo
descuydados > descuidado
descuydan > descuidado
descuydarlos > descuidar+lo
desdezirse > desdecir+se
desdeñaria > desdeñar
desdixesse > desdecir
desdiziendose > decidir+se
desemboluer > desenvolver
desenbolse > desembolsar+se
desengañalle > desengañar+le
desengañandose > desengañarse
desengañarle > desengañar+le
desenrredarse > desenredar+se
desenuainar > desenvainar
deseruimos > deservir
desharan > deshacer
desharia > deshacer
deshazelle > deshacer+le
deshazello > deshacer+lo
deshazerla > deshacer+lo
deshazerle > deshacer+le
deshazerlos > deshacer+lo
deshazerse > deshacer+se
deshermanarlos > deshermanar+lo
deshiziere > deshacer+lo
deshonrrarle > deshonrar
desistiran > desistir
desmayalle > desmayar+le
desmentirlo > desmentir+lo
desminuya > disminuir
desminuye > disminuir
desmontala > desmontar+lo
desouan > desovar
despachandose > despachar+se
desparecia > desparecer
desparesce > desparecer
despedirse > despedir+se
despernarla > despernar+lo
despojandonos > despojar+se
despojarle > despojar+le
desponia > disponer
desposseerse > desposeer+se
desquartizassen > descuartizar
desterrandolos > desterrar+lo
destexella > destejer+lo
destingue > distinguir
destribuyan > distribuir
destroçandolos > destrozar+lo
destrucion > destrucción
destruicion > destrucción
destruydora > destructor
destruydores > destructor
destruyendose > destructor+se
destruyrla > destruir+lo
destruyrle > destruir+le
destruyrlos > destruir+lo
destruyrse > destruir+se
desuario > desvarío
desuela > desolar
desuergonçadamente > desvergonzado
desuergonço > desvergonzarse
desuerguença > desvergüenza
desuerguençan > desvergonzarse
desuiarlo > desviar+lo
desygualdad > desigualdad
detenello > detener+lo
detenera > detener
detenerle > detener+le
detenerlo > detener+lo
detenerlos > detener+lo
detenernos > detener
detenerse > detener+se
detenian > detener
deteniendolas > detener+lo
detestacion > detestación
detienese > detener+se
detinien > detener
detuuiera > detener
detuuiessen > detener
detuuo > detener
deuamos > deber
deuele > deber+le
deuense > deber+se
deuer > deber
deuese > deber
deuese > deber+se
deuiamos > deber
deuiendo > deber
deuiendole > deber+le
deuio > deber
deuisar > divisar
deurian > deber
develle > deber+le
dexadmelo > dejar+se+lo
dexala > dejar+lo
dexalla > dejar+lo
dexalle > dejar+le
dexalles > dejar+le
dexandolo > dejar+lo
dexandose > dejar+se
dexaria > dejar
dexarian > dejar
dexarle > dejar+le
dexarlo > dejar+lo
dexarlos > dejar+lo
dexarse > dejar+se
deziendose > decidir+se
dezillas > decir+lo
dezille > decir+le
dezilles > decir+le
dezirle > decir+le
dezirlo > decir+lo
dezirmelo > decir+se+lo
dezirse > decir+se
dezirselo > decir+se+lo
diabolico > diabólico
dicernirlo > discernir+lo
dicidillos > decidir+lo
dicidir > decidir
dictante > distante
dieralas > dar+lo
differentia > diferencia
differirle > diferir+le
difficil > difícil
difficiles > difícil
difficultosissimo > difícil
diffine > definir
diffinimos > definir
diffinir > definir
diffiriere > diferir
diffirieren > diferir
difine > definir
difusamente > difuso
digolo > decir+lo
dilartarse > dilatar+se
dilatalle > dilatar+le
dilatarlo > dilatar+lo
diligentemente > diligente
diligentissima > diligente
dime > decir+le
diocesis > diócesis
diole > dar+le
directamente > directo
discidido > decidido
discididos > decidido
disciplinable > disciplinable
discolo > díscolo
disfrasçado > disfrazado
disfrasçados > disfrazado
disfraçada > disfrazar
disfraçar > disfrazar
disminuirlo > disminuir+lo
disminuyendole > disminuir+le
disminuyra > disminuir
disparasse > disparar
dissension > disensión
dissientan > disentir
dissimulacion > disimulación
dissimuladamente > disimulado 
dissolucion > disolución
dissuade > disuadir
dissuadir > disuadir
dissuadirselo > disuadir+se+lo
distinctas > distinto
distinction > distinción
distinctiones > distinción
distinctissima > distinto
distinguyr > distinguir 
distinguyrse > distinguir+se
distintissimas > distinto
distracion > distracción
distribuymos > distribuir
ditamen > dictamen
diuiden > dividir
diuidiremos > dividir
diuisiones > división
diuulga > divulgar
diuulgar > divulgar
diuulgaron > divulgar
diuulgue > divulgar
dixeronle > decir+le
dixeronmelo > decir+se+lo
dixole > decir+le
dixole > dijo+le
dizen > decir
dizenle > decir
diziendolo > decir+lo
doblon > doblón
docil > dócil
doctissimos > docto
doctißimo > docto
doctißimos > docto
doi > dar
donarlo > donar+lo
dubdase > dudar
dudose > dudar
duzientos > 200
dveno > dueño
ecclesiasticos > eclesiastico
echallos > echar+lo
echarlo > echar
ecija > écija
edificarlos > edificar+lo
effectua > efectuar
effectuar > efectuar
effectuare > efectuar
effectuassen > efectuar
effectue > efectuar
efficacissimo > eficaz
egypcios > egipcio
einjuria > injuria
election > elección
elegantemente > elegante
elegirlo > elegir+lo
embaraçoso > emabarazoso
embarcarlos > embarcar+lo
embarcarse > embarcar+se
embarcauan > embarcar
embeleza > embelesar
embelezado > embelesar
embian > enviar
embiando > enviar
embiarla > enviar+lo
embiarle > enviar
emendarse > enmendar+se
emendauan > enmendar
empeñarse > empeñar
empidiendo > impedir
emplearla > emplear+lo
emplearlo > emplear+lo
emplearlos > emplear+lo
empleassen > emplear+se
emprestar > prestar
emprestarle > prestar+le
enagena > enajenar
enagenan > enajenar
enagenarse > enajenar+se
enbodegadas > embodegar
enbuste > embuste
encamarado > encaramar
encamarallo > encaramar+lo
encaminarlos > encaminar+lo
encargandose > encargar+se
encargarse > encargar+se
encaxan > encajar
encaxar > encajar
encendio > encender
endereçarnos > enderezar
enfadaria > enfadar
enganaria > engañar
enganassen > engañar
engañarse > engañar+se
enmendarse > enmendar+se
enmudescer > enmudecer
enplean > emplear
enriquesce > enriquecer
enriquescer > enriquecer
enrriquescen > enriquecer
enrriquescer > enriquecer
ensalse > ensalzar
enseñale > enseñar+le
enseñarles > enseñar+le
enseñarlos > enseñar+lo
enseñassen > enseñar
ensima > encima
entendella > entender+lo
entendellos > entender+lo
entenderlas > entender+lo
entenderlo > entender+lo
entenderse > entender+se
entendiendolo > entender+lo
entendimento > entendimiento
entragalla > entregar+lo
entraria > entrar
entrañal > entrañable
entregarle > entregar+le
entremetense > entremeter+se
entremeteran > entremeter
entreuenir > intervenir
entristescer > entristecer
enuers > envers
enues > envés
enuilesce > envilecer
epiteto > epíteto
epitheto > epíteto
equiualente > equivalente
equiualentes > equivalente
equiuocacion > equivocación
equiuocaciones > equivalente
erbolario > herbolario
erraria > errar
errarse > errar+se
erudicion > erudición
escandalize > escandalizar
escandalos > escándalo
escaparia > escapar
escaparse > escapar+se
escholastica > escolástico
escholasticos > escolástico
esclauos > esclavo
escojer > escoger
escojere > escoger
escolastico > escolástico
escondio > esconder
escreuiendo > escribir
escreuillas > escribir+lo
escreuimos > escribir
escreuirlo > escribir
escriuamos > escribir
escriuiendo > escribir
escriuiera > escribir
escriuieremos > escribir
escriuiessemos > escribir
escriuiran > escribir
escriuiremos > escribir
escriuirla > escribir+lo
escriuo > escribir
escrupulean > escrupulear
escrupulearles > escrupulear+le
escrupulos > escrúpulo
escudarse > escudar+se
escudrinen > escudriñar
escusarian > excusar
escusarle > excusar+le
escusarlos > excusar+lo
escusarse > excusar+se
escusarsela > excusar+se+lo
esforçaria > esforzar
espantandole > espantar+le
espantarlo > espantar+lo
espenden > expender
espendiendo > expender
esperalla > esperar+lo
esperalle > esperar+le
esperarian > esperar
esperientia > experiencia
espessissimas > espeso
espidicion > expedición
espirasse > expirar
espirito > espíritu
esplicara > explicar
esplicarlo > explicar+lo
esponer > exponer
esposicion > exposición
espressamos > expresar
espressarlas > expresar
espuesta > expuesto
espusimos > exponer
espuso > exponer
esquadron > escuadrón
establecelos > establecer+lo
establescen > establecer
establescian > establecer
estandoles > estar+le
estandose > estar+se
estantiga > estantigua
estarse > estar+se
estendera > extender
estensa > extenso
esteril > estéril
esteriles > estéril
estimacion > estimación
estimaria > estimar
estimarse > estimar
estimassemos > estimar
estimation > estimación
estirpar > extirpar
estoruamos > estorbar
estoruarlo > estorbar+lo
estoruasse > estorbar+se
estrangeras > extranjero
estrangero > extranjero
estrangeros > extranjero
estraña > extraño
estrañeza > extranjero
estrechissima > estrecho
estrechura > estrechura
estudiarlas > estudiar+lo
estylo > estilo 
ethimologia > etimología
ethnicos > étnico
euadir > evadir
euangelico > evangélico
euento > evento
euidencia > evidencia
euidentemente > evidente
euidentes > evidente
euitara > evitar
euitarian > evitar
euitasse > evitar
euite > evitar
exaction > exacción
exactiones > exacción
exageracion > exageración
exaggeracion > exagerar
exaggeraciones > exagerar
exaggerar > exagerar
exaggerationes > exagerar
excedio > exceder
excepcion > excepción
exceptan > exceptuar
exceptando > exceptuar
exceptar > exceptuar
exceptos > excepto
excesiuo > excesivo
excessiuo > excesivo
excessiuos > excesivo
excluydos > excluir
excommunion > excomunión
excomunion > excomunión
excusarlas > excusar+lo
excusarse > excusar+se
executarlo > ejecutar+lo
exemplificamos > ejemplificar
exemplifique > ejemplificar
exempta > exento
exemptos > exento
exensiones > exención
exercitarla > ejercitar+lo
exercitarlas > ejercitar+lo
exercitarlo > ejeritar+lo
exercitasse > ejercitar
exhorbitante > exhorbitante
eximirse > eximir
exmeraren > esmerar
exorbitado > exhorbitado
expelerlos > expeler+lo
expellia > expeler
expendiendose > expender+se
explicallo > explicar+lo
explicandolo > explicar+lo
explicandose > explicar+se
explicarlas > explicar+lo
explicarlo > explicar+lo
explicasse > explicar
exposicion > exposición
exposimos > exponer
expressado > expersar
expresse > expersar
expusiessen > exponer
extensamente > extenso
exteril > estéril
exteriormente > exterior
fabulas > fábula
faciles > fácil
facillissimamente > fácil
facilmente > fácil
factiones > facción
facundissimos > facundo
falencia > falencia
falsamente > falso
faltandole > faltar+le
faltaria > faltar
faltarian > faltar
fatoria > factoría
fauorable > favorable
fauorables > favorable
fauorece > favorecer
fauorecen > favorecer
fauorecer > favorecer
fauorecerlos > favorecer+lo
fauoresca > favorecer
fauorescer > favorecer
fauorescia > favorecer
fauoresciesse > favorecer
fauoresciessen > favorecer
felicissimo > feliz
fenesce > fenecer
fertil > fértil
fertiles > fértil
fertilissimo > fértil
feyssimo > feo
fia > fiar
fian > fiar
fiandola > fiar
fiandolo > fiar+lo
fiarla > fiar+lo
fiarlo > fiar+lo
fiarsela > fiar+se+lo
fiarselas > fiar+se+lo
fiartela > fiar+se+lo
fias > fiar
ficion > ficción
fiction > ficción
fictiones > ficción
fidelissimos > fiel
fie > fiar
fielissimos > fiel
fien > fiar
fingiendose > fingir+se
fingirlo > fingir+lo
fixa > fijo,fijar
flanders > flandes
flandres > flandes
florescio > florecer
forcejaua > forcejear
formalmente > formal
forçosamente > forzoso
fragrante > infraganti
fraudado > fraudar
frequentissimos > frecuente
frigidos > frígido
frios > frío
frisoles > frísol
friuola > frívolo
friuolas > frívolo
fructuosamente > fructuosamente
frugiferas > frugífero
frutifica > fructificar
fuellero > fullero
fuerca > fuerza
fundameto > fundamento
fundarse > fundar+se
fundome > fundar+se
ganallo > ganar+lo
ganaria > ganar
ganarian > ganar
ganarlos > ganar+lo
gastandolos > gastar+lo
gastandose > gastar+se
gastarla > gastar+lo
gastarlo > gastar+lo
gastarse > gastar+se
genoua > génova
ginetear > jinetear
gouernacion > gobernación
gouernaciones > gobernación
gouernadora > gobernador
gouernalle > gobernar+le
gouernara > gobernar
gouernarle > gobernar+le
gouernassen > gobernar
gouernaualos > gobernar+lo
gouiernan > gobernar
gouiernen > gobernar
gramatica > gramática
grandissima > grande
grandissimo > grande
grangear > granjear
grangeasse > granjear
granjearla > granjear+lo 
granjeasse > granjear
granjeria > granjería
granjerias > granjería
gratuyta > gratuito
grauamenes > gravamen
grauamente > grave
grauia > agraviar
grauissima > grave
grauissimamente > grave
grauissimo > grave
grauissimos > grave
guadalquiuir > guadalquivir 
gualarlos > guardar+lo
guardallas > guardar+lo
guardalo > guardar+lo
guardandola > guardar+lo
guardandose > guardar+se
guardarian > guardar
guardarla > guardar+lo
guardarlas > guardar+lo
guardarle > guardar+le
guardarlo > guardar+lo
guardarlos > guardar+lo
guarescian > guarecer
guarnicion > guarnición
guatimala > guatemala
guaça > guaza
guia > guiar
guyarse > guiar
habil > hábil
habiles > hábil
hablalle > hablar+le
hablandoles > hablar+le
hablarse > hablar+se
haganse > hacer+se
hagays > hacer
hallagado > halagar
hallarlas > hallar+lo
hallarle > hallar+le
hallarles > hallar+le
hallarlos > hallar+lo
hallarse > hallar+se
hallasgo > hallazgo
hallasgos > hallazgo
harrias > arria
harrieros > harriero
hase > haber+se
hase > hacer
hastio > hastío
hazelle > hacer+le
hazello > hacer+lo
hazelo > hacer+lo
hazen > hacer
hazenlos > hacer+lo
hazer > hacer
haʒer > hacer
hazerla > hacer+lo
hazerlas > hacer+lo
hazerlo > hacer+lo
hazerlos > hacer+lo
hazerse > hacer+se
hazersela > hacer+se+lo
hazerselo > hacer+se+lo
hazese > hacer+se
hazeys > hacer
hazianse > hacer
hazieda > hacienda
haziendola > hacer+lo
haziendolo > hacer+lo
haziendolos > hacer+lo
haziendose > hacer+se
hazlo > hacer+lo
hechan > echar
hechar > echar
hechara > echar
hecharse > echar
hechese > echar+se
hechose > echar+se
henchirlas > henchir+lo
henchirse > henchir+se
herederes > heredero
herirlo > herir+lo
hermosissima > hermoso
herrage > herraje
heruor > hervor
heruorosa > hervoroso
hidalgia > hidalguía
hidalguia > hidalguía
hidalgya > hidalguía
hidropico > hidrópico
hincapie > hincapié
hipotecasse > hipotecar
hipotheca > hipotecar
hizera > hacer
hiziessemos > hacer
holgaria > holgar
holgarian > holgar
holgarse > holgar+se
holgueme > holgar+se
homelia > homilía
homilia > homilía
honestamente > honesto
honorificos > honorífico
honrrosamente > honroso
honrrosas > honroso
hostigassen > hostigar
hoçicos > hocico
huelgome > holgar
huerfanos > huérfano
humilidad > humildad
hurtandolas > hurtar
hurtarlo > hurtar+lo
hurtarsela > hurtar+lo
hurtarselo > hurtar+lo
hurtassemos > hurtar
hyerua > hierba
hyperbole > hipérbole
idonea > idóneo
idoneo > idóneo
idoneos > idóneo
ignorantemente > ignorante
ignorarla > ignorar+lo
igualmente > igual
iiii > 4, cuarto
ilicita > ilícito
ilicitas > ilícito
ilicitissimo > ilícito
ilicito > ilícito
illicita > ilícito
illicitamente > ilícito
illicitas > ilícito
illicitis - simo > ilícito
illicitissimo > ilícito
illicito > ilícito
illicitos > ilícito
illustre > ilustre
illustres > ilustre
illustrissimos > ilícito
imaginacion > imaginación
immediata > inmediato
immediatamente > inmediato
immenso > inmenso
immouible > inmóvil
immouibles > inmóvil
impeder > impedir
impedia > impedir
impedirla > impedir+lo
impedirle > impedir+le
impedirlo > impedir
impidir > impedir
importantissimo > importante
impossibilita > imposibilitar
impossibilitados > imposibilitado
impossibilitan > imposibilitar
impression > impresión
incentiuo > incentivo
incertissima > incierto
incluydo > incluir
inconueniente > inconveniente
inconuinientes > inconveniente
incubiertos > encubierto
incurrio > incurrir
index > índex
indifferencia > indiferencia
indifferente > indiferente
indifferentemente > indiferente
indifferentes > indiferente
indiuisible > indivisible
indomita > indómito
induxeron > inducir
ineuitable > inevitable
infamarle > infamar
infamarlo > infamar+lo
infamarse > infamar+se
infielmente > infiel
infimas > ínfimo
infimo > ínfimo
infinitamente > infinito
influyr > influir
informarse > informar+se
ingalaterra > inglaterra
ingirido > ingerir
ingirio > ingerir
inhabil > inhábil
inhabiles > inhábil
iniuriosamente > injurioso
iniusticia > injusticia
injuriandole > injuriar+le
injustissima > injusto
injustissimo > injusto
injustitia > injusticia
inmediatamente > inmediato
innocente > inocente
innocentes > inocente
inquisicion > inquisición
inresolubles > irresoluble
insinua > insinuar
instincto > instinto
instituymos > instituir
instruction > instrucción
insufficiencia > insuficiencia
intellectual > intelectual
intercallada > intercalar
interes > interés
interesal > interesal
interesales > interesal
interessa > interesar
interessan > interesar
interessando > interesar
interessandose > intersar+se
interessar > interesar
interessara > interesar
interessaria > interesar
interessaron > interesar
interessas > interesar
interessasen > interesar
interessasse > interesar
interessen > interesar
interesso > interesar
interez > interés
interim > ínterin
interpretationes > interpretación
interressar > interesar
interuiniesse > intervenir
intibia > entibiar
intollerable > intolerable
inualidas > inválido
inualido > inválido
inuariable > invariable
inuencible > invencible
inuencion > invención
inuendibles > invendible
inuentario > inventario
inuentaron > inventar
inuento > invento
inuentor > inventor
inuisible > invisible
inuisibles > invisible
inutil > inútil
irreprehensible > irreprensible
israelitico > israelítico
iuan > juan
iudas > judas
iudicial > judicial
iugador > jugador
iunio > junio
iurador > jurador
iurisdiction > jurisdicción
iuros > juro
iustissima > justo
iuzgaren > juzgar
jaes > jaez
jardin > jardín
jaualies > javalí
joias > joya
juege > jugar
jues > juez
jueʒ > juez
juezes > juez
juntarlo > juntar+lo
juntarlos > juntar+lo
jurameto > juramento
jurarlo > jurar+lo
juridica > jurídico
juridico > jurídico
jurisdicion > jurisdición
jurisdiction > jurisdicción
juros > juro
jusga > juzgar
jusgan > juzgar
jusgar > juzgar
jusgaren > juzgar
jusgaron > juzgar
jusgaua > juzgar
jusgo > juzgar
jusgue > juzgar
justiciar > justiciar
justiciaron > justiciar
justificacion > justificación
justificarlos > justificar+lo
justificarse > justificar+se
justissima > justo
juyzio > juicio
juzgarlo > juzgar+lo
labirinthio > laberinto
labirintio > laberinto
labrarlas > labrar+lo
laciuo > lascivo
largandola > largar+lo
lasciuo > lascivo
lastimalle > lastimar+le
lection > lección
leerlo > leer+lo
legalmente > legal
legissadores > legislador
lenceria > lencería
lethargo > letargo
leuantamos > levantar
leuantandole > levantar+le
leuantandose > levantar+se
leuantarle > levantar+le
leuantarnos > levantar
leuantarse > levantar
leues > leve
liberalissimamente > liberal
liberalmente > liberal
librarle > librar+le
librarse > librar+se
librarte > librar+se
libremente > libre
licenciosamente > licencioso
licitamente > lícitamente
licitissima > lícito
licitissimo > lícito
limitacion > limitación
limitationes > limitación
linceos > linceo
liuiandad > liviandad
llamanle > llamar+le
llamaramos > llamar
llamarse > llamar+se
llanamente > llano
lleualla > llevar+la
lleuando > llevar
lleuandole > llevar+le
lleuandolo > llevar+lo
lleuanlo > llevar+lo
lleuantado > levantar
lleuaras > llevar
lleuare > llevar
lleuaren > llevar
lleuaria > llevar
lleuarla > llevar+lo
lleuarle > llevar+le
lleuarlo > llevar+lo
lleuarlos > llevar+lo
lleuarse > llevar+se
lleuarsela > llevarse+lo
lleuarselos > llevar+se+lo
lleuarte > llevar+le
lleuas > llevar
lleuassen > llevar
lleuaste > llevar
lleuen > llevar
lleuese > llevar
llouer > llover
loabilissimo > loable
lombardeando > lombardear
loçania > lozanía
ltem > item
lugarejos > lugar
macedonium > macedonia
magnificamente > magnífico
magnificos > magnífico
mahometico > mahomético
mais > maíz
majores > mayor
maliciosamente > malicioso
malissimo > malo
malitia > malicia
mandandolo > mandar+lo
mandaria > mandar
mandarle > mandar+le
mandarlo > mandar+lo
mandarnos > mandar
manifestamente > manifestar
manifestarla > manifestar
manifestarlo > manifestar+lo
manifestarse > manifestar+se
manifestissima > manifestar
manifestissimamente > manifestar
manifestissimo > manifestar
manifiestamente > manifestar
manifiestase > manifestar
manifiestissimo > manifestar
mantenerle > mantener+le
mantenerlos > mantener+lo
mantenerse > manifestar+se
mantenia > mantener
maritimas > marítimo
marte > marte
matandole > matar+le
mayorasgos > mayorazgo
mechanicas > mecánico
mejorarse > mejorar+se
melodia > melodía
menearlo > menear+lo
mentio > mentir
mention > mención
mentiran > mentir
mentiria > mentir
meramente > mero
mercaderia > mercadería
mercalla > mercar+lo
mercallas > mercar+lo
mercallos > mercar+lo
mercancia > mercancía
mercarian > mercar
mercarla > mercar+lo
mercarlas > mercar+lo
mercarles > mercar+lo
mercarlo > mercar+lo
mercarlos > mercar+lo
mercarselos > mercar+se+lo
mercassen > mercar
mercerias > mercería
merecerian > merecer
merecerlo > merecer+lo
merecia > merecer
merescan > merecer
merescia > merecer
meritissimamente > meritísimo
merquelo > mercar
merquensela > mercar+se+la
mesclar > mezclar
mesclen > mezclar
meterle > meter+le
meterlos > meter+lo
meternos > meter
meterse > meter+se
metese > meter
methaphisica > metafísico
metiendole > meter+le
metiendolos > meter+lo
metiendose > meter+se
metiessemos > meter
mexico > méxico
mezclandose > mezclar+se
mezclarlo > mezclar+lo
mezclarse > mezclar+se
mezes > mes
mias > mío
milliares > millar
millon > millón
minima > mínimo
minimos > mínimo
mirarian > mirar
mirthos > mirto
miserablemente > miserable
mistura > mixtura
moderacion > moderación
molestarlos > molestar+lo
molestissimo > molesto
monipolio > monopolio
monteria > montería
moralmente > moral
morira > morir
mostrandoles > mostrar+le
mostrarla > mostrar+lo
mostrarle > mostrar+le
mostrarles > mostrar+le
mostrarse > mostrar+se
mostrarselos > mostrar+se+lo
mostre > mostrar
motin > motín
motiua > motivar
motiuo > motivo
motiuos > motivo
mouellos > mover+lo
mouiendo > mover
mouiesse > mover
mudallo > mudar+lo
mudandose > mudar+se
mudaria > mudar
mudarla > mudar+lo
mudarselo > mudar+se+lo
napoles > nápoles
nascimento > nacimiento
nascimos > nacer
nauaja > navaja
nauegacion > navegación
naueguemos > navegar
nauidad > navidad
necessariamente > necesario
necessitalle > necesitar
necessitar > necesitar
necessitarlos > necesitar+lo
necessito > necesitar
neceßidad > necesidad
negandolos > negar+lo
negarles > negar+le
negarselo > negar+se+lo
negatiuamente > negativo
negociacion > negociación
negociarlo > negociar+lo
negociaua > negociar
nesciamente > necio
niuel > nivel
niuele > nivelar
niuelen > nivelar
nociuo > nocivo
nombrallos > nombrar+lo
nombrarle > nombrar+le
notablissima > notable
notoriamente > notorio
nouatos > novato
nouecientos > 900
nouelero > novelero
nouiembre > noviembre
nueuecientos > 900
nulla > nulo
nullas > nulo
nullo > nulo
numeros > número
obedescan > obedecer
obedesciendoles > obedecer+le
obfusca > ofuscar
obfusque > ofuscar
objection > objeción
objectiones > objeción
obligalle > obligar+le
obligandoles > obligar+le
obligandose > obligar+se
obligaria > obligar
obligarle > obligar+le
obligarles > obligar+le
obligarlos > obligar+lo
obligarse > obligar+se
obrilla > obra
obscuresca > obscurecer
obscurescerlo > obscurecer+lo
occasionalmente > ocasional
occupacion > ocupación
occupaciones > ocupación
occuparse > ocupar
occurrentes > ocurrente
occurrian > ocurrir
oceano > océano
ochauos > octavo
ochenta > 80
ochocientos > 800
ocuparse > ocupar+se
odiosissimo > odioso
offendemos > ofender
offendimos > ofender
offrecerle > ofrecer+le
offrecerlo > ofrecer+lo
offrecia > ofrecer
offrecio > ofrecer
offresca > ofrecer
offresce > ofrecer
offrescelle > ofrecer+le
offrescen > ofrecer
offrescer > ofrecer
offrescerselo > ofrecer+se+lo
offrescian > ofrecer
offresciesse > ofrecer
offrescio > ofrecer
offusque > ofuscar
ofresca > ofrecer
ofrescan > ofrecer
ofrescerle > ofrecer+le
ofresciere > ofrecer
ofrescieren > ofrecer
ofuscarnos > ofuscar
oliuares > olivar
oluidarse > olvidar+se
oluidasse > olvidar
opponen > oponer
opponerse > oponer+se
oppongan > oponer
oppositor > opositor
oppuesto > opuesto
oprobrio > oprobio
opusculo > opúsculo
opusculos > opúsculo
opvscvlo > opúsculo
ordenacion > ordenación
ordenandolo > ordenar+lo
ordinariamente > ordinario
origenes > origen
osaria > osar
ouejeros > ovejero
ouejuno > ovejuno
oyendola > oír+lo
oyllo > oír+lo
oylo > oir+lo
oyra > oír
oyran > oir
oyria > oír
oyrles > oír+le
pacificamente > pacífico
padescello > padecer+lo
padesciendolo > padecer+lo
padesciese > padecer
padesciesse > padecer
pagallas > pagar+lo
pagalle > pagar+le
pagallos > pagar+lo
pagame > pagar+le
pagandola > pagar+lo
pagandole > pagar+lo
pagandoles > pagar+lo
pagandose > pagar+se
pagandoselo > pagar+se+lo
pagandoselos > pagar+se+lo
pagandote > pagar+le
pagansela > pagar+se+lo
pagaria > pagar
pagarla > pagar+la
pagarle > pagar+le
pagarles > pagar+le
pagarlo > pagar+lo
pagarlos > pagar+lo
pagarse > pagar+se
pagarselo > pagar+se+lo
pagarselos > pagar+se+lo
page > pagar
pagueslo > pagar+lo
palliada > paliado
palliadas > paliado
parandose > parar+se
paraphos > párrafo
pararle > parar+le
pareceles > parecer+le
pareceme > parecer+le
parecera > parecer
parecerle > parecer+le
parentesis > parentesis
paresciole > parecer+le
parescioles > parecer+le
paresse > parecer
parrapho > párrafo
parraphos > párrafo
partian > partir
particularmente > particular
partiran > partir
partirse > partir+se
passaria > pasar
passarlo > pasar+lo
passarlos > pasar+lo
passeandose > pasear+se
passearse > pasear+se
passioncillas > pasioncilla
patentemente > patente
patentissimo > patente
patronasgo > patronazgo
paxaro > pájaro
peccaria > pecar
peccarse > pecar+se
pecuniales > pecunial
pedi > pedir
pedille > pedir+le
pedira > pedir
pedirle > pedir+le
pedirlo > pedir+lo
pedirlos > pedir+lo
pedirmelos > pedir+se+lo
pedirsela > pedir+se+lo
peligrosissimo > peligroso
pensaria > pensar
pension > pensión
penultima > penúltimo
percebirlas > percibir+lo
perdellas > perder+lo
perderan > perder
perderian > perder
perderla > perder+lo
perderse > perder+se
perdi > perder
perdiendose > perder+se
perdonarse > perdonar+se
perecera > perecer
perescieron > perecer
perfetamente > perfecto
periudicial > perjudicial
perleria > perlería
permanesca > permanecer
permanesciera > permanecer
permetirle > permitir+le
permission > permisión
permitia > permitir
permitian > permitir
permitirles > permitir+le
permittan > permitir
permittir > permitir
pernicie > pernicie
perniciozos > pernicioso
perniçiosos > pernicioso
perpetuamente > perpetuo
perplexos > perplejo
perscribe > prescribir
perscriuio > prescribir
perseguydo > perseguido
perseuera > perseverar
perseueran > perseverar
perseuerando > perseverar
perseuerar > perseverar
perseuerara > perseverar
perseueraramos > perseverar
perseueraren > perseverar
perseueraua > perseverar
persuadese > persuadir+se
persuadiendose > persuadir+se
persuadillo > persuadir+lo
persuadio > persuadir
persuadirle > persuadir+le
persuadirles > persuadir+le
persuasion > persuasión
pertenescia > pertenecer
peru > perú
peruerso > perverso
pesarle > pesar+le
pesqueria > pesquería
pesquizando > pesquisar
pidese > pedir+se
pidiendolo > pedir+lo
pidiendolos > pedir+lo
pidio > pedir
pidiome > pedir+le
piensalo > pensar+lo
pienselo > pensar+lo
pierdense > perder+se
pierdese > perder+se
piesa > pieza
pintarle > pintar+le
pisca > pizca
pleyteantes > pleiteante
pleyteasse > pleitear
plutarcho > plutarco
pobremente > pobre
podalla > podar+lo
podays > poder
poderlo > poder+lo
poderosissimo > poderoso
poderosissimos > poderoso
poderse > poder+se
podias > poder
podimos > poder
podrase > poder
podriase > poder
poesia > poesía
policia > policía
politica > política
politicamente > político 
politicas > política
politico > político
politicos > político
poluorosa > polvoroso
polytica > político
polyticas > político
polytico > político
ponela > poner+lo
ponelle > poner+le
ponerle > poner+le
ponerles > poner+le
ponerlo > poner+lo
ponerlos > poner+lo
ponese > poner+se
poniendoles > poner+le
poniendolo > poner+lo
poniendose > poner+se
pontifice > pontífice
pontifices > pontífice
positiua > positivo
positiuas > positivo
positiuo > positivo
possealos > poseer+lo
possean > poseer
posseya > poseer
posseyan > poseer
posseyere > poseer
practicos > práctico
pragmatica > pragmático
praua > pravo
preciarse > apreciar+se
precisamente > preciso
predicacion > predicación
pregmatica > pragmática
pregmaticas > pragmático
pregonarlo > pregonar+lo
preguntandole > preguntar+le
preguntole > preguntar+le
prematica > pragmática
preminencia > preeminencia
presenteros > presentar
presentissimo > presente
prestalle > prestar+le
prestame > perstar+le
prestamo > prestamo
prestandolas > prestar+le
prestandole > prestar+le
prestandolo > prestar+lo
prestandolos > prestar+lo
prestandose > prestar+se
prestaria > prestar
prestarla > prestar+lo
prestarle > prestar+le
prestarles > prestar+le
prestarlo > prestar+lo
prestarlos > prestar+lo
prestarse > prestar+se
prestarselos > prestar+se+lo
prestasteme > prestar+le
prestido > préstido
presumpcion > presunción
pretendello > pretender+lo
pretenderlo > pretender+lo
pretendia > pretender
pretendiesses > pretender
pretendio > pretender
pretension > pretensión
preuengan > prevenir
priualle > privar+le
priuan > privar
priuando > privar
priuandoles > privar+le
priuança > privanza
priuar > privar
priuare > privar
priuarle > privar+le
priuarles > privar+le
priuarlos > privar+lo
priuatiuas > privativo
priuays > privar
priuen > privar
priuo > privar
probablemente > probable
probança > probanza
procedere > proceder
procedieremos > proceder
procedio > proceder
procliue > proclive
procurarlas > procurar+lo
procurarlo > procurar+lo
procurarse > procurar+se
professar > profesar
professaron > profesar
profession > profesión
prohiben > prohibir
prohibio > prohibir
prohibirse > prohibir+se
prometerlo > prometer+lo
promouer > promover
promptitud > prontitud
promulgasse > promulgar+se
propagacion > propagación
prophana > profano
prophane > profanar
prophanidad > profanidad
prophetias > profecía
proponerle > proponer+le
proponerlo > proponer+lo
proporcionadamente > proporcionado
propositos > propósito
propriamente > propio
propriissimo > propicio
proprijssimamente > propicio
prorrogacion > prorrogación
prosecucion > prosecución
proseguilla > proseguir+lo
proseguyr > proseguir
prosiguiran > proseguir
prosperamente > próspero
prosperos > próspero
protection > protección
prouallo > probar+lo
prouamos > probar
prouandose > probar+se
proue > probar
prouea > probar
prouechar > aprovechar
prouecharse > aprovechar+se
prouechosissima > provechoso
prouee > proveer
proueella > proveer+lo
proueen > proveer
proueerlas > proveer+lo
prouehosa > provechoso
proueia > proveer
proueria > proveer
proueyan > proveer
proueyese > proveer
proueyo > proveer
prouocado > provocar
proxima > próximo
prudentemente > prudente
prudentissimos > prudente
prueuaselo > probar+se+lo
prueuemelo > probar+me+lo
prueuen > probar
psalmista > salmista
psalmos > salmo
publicarlas > publicar+lo
publicarlo > publicar+lo
publicarlos > publicar+lo
puden > poder
pudiendole > poder+le
pudiendose > poder+se
puedele > poder+le
puedelo > poder+lo
puedese > poder+se
pugñadas > pugnar
pujantissima > pujante
punctos > punto
puntualmente > puntual
pvntos > punto
quebrantandola > quebrantar+lo
quebrantanlo > quebrantar+lo
quebrantarla > quebrantar
quebrantarlas > quebrantar+lo
quedale > quedar+le
quedandole > quedar+le
quedandose > quedar+se
quedarian > quedar
quedarlo > quedar+lo
quemarle > quemar+le
quenta > cuenta, contar
quererle > querer+le
quererlo > querer+lo
querernos > querer+se
quexan > quejar
quexando > quejar
quexanse > quejar+se
quexarse > quejar+se
quitalle > quitar+le
quitandole > quitar+le
quitança > quitanza
quitanças > quitanza
quitarles > quitar+le
quitarse > quitar+se
quitarsela > quitar+se+lo
quitarselo > quitar+se+lo
quitole > quitar+le
quotidiana > cotidiano
quotidianas > cotidiano
quotidiano > cotidiano
quotidianos > cotidianos
qveda > quedar
qvise > querer
radicalmente > radical
rarissimamente > raro
rarissimos > raro
rauia > rabia
raxas > raza
razon > razón
raʒon > razón
razonablemente > razonable
razones > razón
realissimos > real
rebelacion > revelación
reboluerlos > revolver+lo
reboço > rebozo
rebuelta > revuelto
recambiarla > recambiar
recebimos > recibir
recebirlas > recibir+lo
recebirlo > recibir+lo
recebirlos > recibir+lo
recibirlos > recibir+lo
recojendole > recoger+le
recompensacion > recompensa
recompensarla > recompensar+lo
recompensarle > recompensar+se+le
recompensarlo > recompensar+lo
recompensarlos > recompensar+lo
recreacion > recreación
recrescer > recrecer
recrescio > recrecer
rectissimo > recto
redimio > redimir
redimirse > redimir+se
reduzga > reducir
referi > referir
reflexion > reflexión
reformacion > reformación
refran > refrán
regaton > regatón
regialo > regir+lo
regirla > regir+la
regirlos > regir+lo
regirse > regir+se
reglarlos > reglar+lo
regressa > regresar
regressan > regresar
regressando > regresar
regressar > regresar
regresso > regreso
rehusassen > rehusar
relatandole > relatar+le
relaxacion > relajación
reloges > reloj
relumbrante > relumbrante
reluzia > relucir
remanescen > remanecer
remediallos > remediar+lo
remediarse > remediar+se
remitirla > remitir+lo
remitirsela > remitir+se+lo
remotissimos > remoto
rendirlos > rendir+lo
rentassen > rentar
renueua > renovar
renunciacion > renunciación
repararla > reparar+lo
repartio > repartir
repartiria > repartir
repartirse > repartir+se
repetirlo > repeti+lo
repetirlos > repetir+lo
replicaronle > replicar+le
reprehenden > reprender
reprehenderles > reprehender+le
reprehenderselo > reprehender+se+lo
repremirlos > reprimir+lo
reprobaria > reprobar
reprouada > reprobado
reprouados > reprobado
reprouando > reprobar
reprouar > reprobar
reprueua > reprobar
reprueue > reprobar 
reprueuo > reprobar
republicas > república
repugnandole > repugnar+le
reputacion > reputación
requeria > requerir
requeriase > requerir
requierense > requerir
requierese > requerir
requiriase > requerir
rescatarse > rescatar+se
rescebirlas > recibir+lo
rescebirlo > recibir+lo
resciba > recibir
resciban > recibir
rescibia > recibir
rescibien > recibir
rescibimos > recibir
rescibirlo > recibir+lo
reseruatiua > reservativo
reserue > reservar
resible > risible
resignacion > resignación
resolucion > resolución
resoluer > resolver
resolusion > resolución
resolutamente > resolutivo
resolutoriamente > resolutorio
resplandesca > resplandecer
restalo > restar+lo
restituian > restituir
restituiran > restituir
restitution > restitución
restituyessemos > restituir
restituyra > restituir
restituyran > restituir
restituyrla > restituir+lo
restituyrlas > restituir+lo
restituyrle > restituir+le
restituyrlo > restituir+lo
restituyrlos > restituir+lo
restituyrselo > restituir+se+lo
restitvcion > restitución
restricion > restricción
restrictiones > restricción
resuscita > resucitar
resuscitar > resucitar
resuscitasse > resucitar
resuscite > resucitar
retenerlo > retener+lo
retenerse > retener+se
retenia > retener
reteniendose > retener
rethorica > retórico
rethorico > retórico
retraerse > retraer+se
retraese > retraer+se
retratacion > retractación
retratandose > retractar+se
retribucion > retribución
retruecanos > retruécano
retuerço > retorcer
reuelacion > revelación
reuelaciones > revelación
reuelando > revelar
reuelare > revelar
reuelo > revelar
reuendella > revender+lo
reuendellas > revender+lo
reuender > revender
reuenderla > revender+lo
reuendiendolo > revender+lo
reuerencian > reverenciar
reuerenciarlos > reverenciar+lo
reuerendißimo > reverendo
reuerentian > reverenciar
reuienta > reventar
reuocarla > revocar+lo
reyan > reír
rezien > recién
reñi > reñir
rian > reir
rigida > rígido
rigido > rígido
rigidores > regidor
rigio > regir
riniendo > reñir
rio > río
rios > río
riquissimos > rico
riñiesse > reñir
riñon > riñón
robandoselos > robar+se+lo
robarlo > robar+lo
rocin > rocín
romperla > romper+lo
ropauejeros > ropavejero
ruan > ruan
ruanes > ruan
ruar > ruar
rubies > rubí
rustico > rustico
rusticos > rústico
ruynes > ruin
sabenlo > saber+lo
saberla > saber+lo
saberlos > saber+lo
saberse > saber+se
sabese > saber+se
sabiamente > sabio
sabiendola > saber+lo
sabiendolo > saber+lo
sabiendose > saber+se
saborearse > saborear+se
saborçillo > sabor
sacallo > sacar+lo
sacarla > sacar+lo
sacarle > sacar+le
sacarlo > sacar+lo
sacarlos > sacar+lo
sacrilego > sacrílego
sacristia > sacristía
safandose > zafar+se
saldria > salir
salirse > salir+se
saluage > salvaje
saluages > salvaje
salualle > salvar+le
saluara > salvar
saluarlas > salvar+lo
saluarlos > salvar+lo
saluarme > salvar+se
saluarnos > salvar
saluaros > salvar
saluarse > salvar+se
salutiferas > salutífero
sanctissimas > santo
sanearlo > sanear+lo
santissimo > santo
sapientissimos > sapiente
sapientißimo > sapiente
satisfaction > satisfacción
satisfagaselo > satisfacer+lo
satisfazerle > satisfacer+le
satisfazerles > satisfacer
satisfazerlo > satisfacer+lo
satisfazerlos > satisfacer+lo
satisfazerse > satisfacer+se
sayaguez > sayagués
scandaliza > escandalizar
scapar > escapar
schisma > chisme
scholastico > escolástico
scipiones > cipión
scriptorio > escritorio
scriuano > escribano
scriuanos > escribano
scriuiendo > escribir
scriuirse > escribir
scrudiñar > escudriñar
scrupulear > escrupulear
scrupulo > escrúpulo
scrupulosas > escrupuloso
scrupuloso > escrupuloso
secretamente > secreto
secretissimos > secreto
segasse > segar
segir > seguir
segui > seguir
seguillas > seguir+lo
seguire > seguir
seguirla > seguir+lo
seguirle > seguir+le
seguirlo > seguir+lo
seguirse > seguir+se
seguramente > seguro
segurissima > seguro
seguyrle > seguir+le
seguyrse > seguir+se
seis > 6
sembrarlas > sembrar+lo
sementerillas > sementera
sentenciassen > sentenciar
sentirlo > sentir+lo
sentirse > sentir+se
senzillamente > sencillo
serlo > ser+lo
seruia > servir
seruiendose > servir+se
seruiessen > servir
seruira > servir
seruirle > servir+le
seruirse > servir
seruirte > servir+le
setenta > 70
seuera > severo
seueramente > severo
seueridad > severidad
seuero > severo
seueros > severo
seuillanos > sevillano
seyses > 6
señalandole > señalar+le
señalarle > señalar+le
señalasemos > señalar
señalasse > señalar
señorias > señorío
siendole > ser+le
siendolo > ser+lo
sientese > sentir+se
sietes > 7
significatiuas > significativo
sigua > seguir
siguan > seguir
siguiria > seguir
siguirian > seguir
silentio > silencio
siluatos > silbato
siluestres > silvestre
similes > símil
singularissima > singular
singularize > singularizar
siruiendo > servir
siruiendoles > servir+le
siruieren > servir
siruiesse > servir
siruiessen > servir
siruo > sevir
siruome > servir+se
situa > situar
sobornassen > sobornar
socorrernos > socorrer
solennidad > solemnidad
solennidades > solemnidad
solennissimos > solemne
solerme > soler
soliendoles > soler+le
soltandoles > soltar+le
specialmente > especial
spumosas > espumoso
stabilidad > estabilidad
subense > subir+se
subiectemos > sujetar
subiection > sujeción
subira > subir
subiran > subir
subirla > subir+lo
subitos > súbito
subjecta > sujeto, sujetar
subjectarnos > sujetar
subjectas > sujeto
subjectos > sujeto
sublimarle > sublimar
substentar > sustentar
substente > sustentar
subtiles > sutil
subtileza > sutileza
subtilezas > sutileza
succeda > suceder
succedera > suceder
succediendo > suceder
succediere > suceder
succedio > suceder
succession > sucesión
successiuamente > sucesivo
succintamente > sucinto
suelense > soler+se
suelese > soler
sufficientissima > suficiente
suffrilla > sufrir+lo
suffrirlo > sufrir+lo
sufrirlos > sufrir+lo
sumamente > sumo
summamente > sumo
superficialmente > superficial
suplicole > suplicar+le
supplicastes > suplicar
supplicaua > suplicar
supponemos > suponer
sustentarlos > sustentar+lo
sustentarse > sustentar+se
sustentassemos > sustentar
sustentaua > sustentar
synceridad > sinceridad
tacita > tácito
talion > talión
taparlo > tapar+lo
tapiceria > tapicería
tapicerias > tapicería
tardanca > tardanza
tasalla > tasar+lo
tassan > tasar
tassare > tasar
tassasen > tasar
tassasse > tasar
tassenlo > tasar+lo
temblo > temblar
temiendose > temer+se
templarian > templar
tenax > tenaz
tenella > tener+lo
tenello > tener+lo
tenellos > tener+lo
tenerla > tener+lo
tenerlo > tener+lo
tenerlos > tener+lo
tenerse > tener
teniendola > tener+lo
teniendoles > tener+le
teniendolo > tener+lo
teniendolos > tener+lo
terceria > tercería
tercerias > tercería
terciaua > terciar
texerlas > tejer+lo
theologo > teólogo
theologos > teólogo
theorica > teórico
thesorerias > tesorería
tienenlo > tener+lo
tienese > tener+se
timidissimo > tímido
tio > tío
tocalle > tocar+le
tocarlas > tocar+lo
tocarle > tocar+le
tomallas > tomar+lo
tomallo > tomar+lo
tomalo > tomar+lo
tomandolos > tomar+lo
tomandose > tomar+se
tomanla > tomar+lo
tomanle > tomar+le
tomarian > tomar
tomarla > tomar+lo
tomarle > tomar+lo
tomarlo > tomar+lo
tomarlos > tomar+lo
tomarse > tomar+se
tornarla > tornar+lo
tornarlo > tornar+lo
tornarlos > tornar+lo
torpedad > torpeza
torpedades > torpeza
toston > tostón
totalmente > total
tractamos > tratar
tractando > tratar
tractante > tratante
traello > traer+lo
trage > traje
trages > traje
traiendo > traer
traspasalla > traspasar+lo
tratallas > tratar+lo
tratandole > tratar+le
trataria > tratar
tratarla > tratar+lo
tratarle > tratar+le
tratarlos > tratar+lo
trataualo > tratar+lo
trauiessos > travieso
trayendolos > traer+lo
trecientos > 300
treinta > 30
treze > 13
trocarlo > trocar+lo
truxeren > traer
truxessen > traer
truxiste > traer
tyrana > tirano
tyrania > tiranía
tyranicamente > tirano
tyrannia > tiranía
tyro > tiro
valdran > valer
valdrian > valer
valerles > valer
valian > valer
valuacion > valuación
vanamente > vano
vanderas > bandera
varian > variar
variarlas > variar+lo
variarse > variar+se
varie > variar
vase > ir+se
vazias > vacío
vazios > vacío
vedarse > vedar+se
veinte > 20
vejissimo > viejo
velacion > velación
velarse > velar+se
veleydad > veleidad
vellon > vellón
vendelle > vender+le
vendello > vender+lo
vendellos > vender+lo
vendense > vender+se
vendera > venderá
venderla > vender+lo
venderle > vender+le
venderlo > vencer+lo
venderlos > vender+lo
venderse > vender+se
vendersela > vender+se+lo
vendese > vender
vendi > vender
vendian > vender
vendiendola > vender+lo
vendieronse > vender+se
vendiose > vender+se
vengarle > vengar+le
vengarlos > vengar+lo
vengarme > vengar+se
vengarse > vengar+se
venialmente > venial
verdaderamente > verdadero
verdaderissima > verdadero
vereys > ver
verificarse > verificar+se
verisimil > verosímil
verla > ver+lo
verle > ver+le
vernia > bernia
vexacion > vejación
viage > viaje
viciosissimos > vicioso
viendolo > ver+lo
viendose > ver+se
villania > villanía
vinculos > vínculo
viniessemos > venir
violentamente > violento
virtualmente > virtual
visnietos > bisnieto
visorey > virrey
visreynados > virreinato
viuan > vivir
viuas > vivo
viuen > vivir
viues > vivir
viueza > viveza
viuia > vivir
viuienda > vivienda
viuiendo > vivir
viuiente > viviente
viuiera > vivir
viuieramos > vivir
viuieran > vivir
viuieron > vivir
viuiessen > vivir
viuificarlo > vivificar+lo
viuio > vivir
viuira > vivir
viuiriamos > vivir
viuos > vivo
viznietos > bisnieto
vltimamente > último
vltimos > último
vngaros > húngaro
vngirlos > ungir+lo
vnica > único
vnico > único
vniuersales > universal
vniuersalidad > universalidad
vniuersalissimas > universal
vniuersalmente > universal
vniuersidades > universidad
voluntariamente > voluntario
vrbano > urbano
vrcas > urca
vrgentissimas > urgente
vsallos > usar+lo
vsandose > usar+se
vsarian > usar
vsarlos > usar+lo
vsofructo > usufructo
vsufructuario > usufructuario
vsuran > usurar
vsurar > usurar
vsurarias > usuario
vsurassen > usurar
vsurparlo > usurpar+lo
vtiles > útil
vtilissimo > útil
vuiera > haber
vuieran > haber
vuieremos > haber
vuieren > haber
vuiese > haber
vuiesen > haber
vuiesse > haber
vuiessemos > haber
vuiessen > haber
xaraues > jarabe
xerezano > jerezano
xiiii > 14
xviij > xviii
xvj > xvi
yama > llamar
ydiota > idiota
yendose > ir+se
yguala > igualar
ynterior > interior
yrlo > ir+lo
yrlos > ir+lo
yronice > ironizar
yrracional > irracional
yrredimibles > irredimible
yrregular > irregular
yrregularidad > irregular
yrse > ir+se
æquidad > equidad